README.md, before:

# ImageSense
## An Image Classification App using Next.js and TensorFlow.js
### Description

ImageSense is a web application that allows you to perform image classification using the TensorFlow.js library. The application is built with Next.js and provides an intuitive user interface for uploading and classifying images.

#### Screenshot of the app in action
<!-- ![Screenshot of ImageSense](/public/ImageSenseDemo.png) -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="./public/ImageSenseDemo.png" alt="Alt Text" style="max-width: 100%; height: 300px;" />
</p>

#### Check out the live app:
[ImageSense](https://image-sense.herokuapp.com/)

### Installation

To install and run the application, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
 
```
git clone https://github.com/TylerGeorgeAlexander/ImageSense.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```
cd ImageSense
```

3. Install the dependencies using npm:

```
npm install
```

### Usage

Once the installation is complete, you can start the application by running the following command:
```
npm run dev
```
This command starts the development server and opens the application in your default web browser. You can then access the application at http://localhost:3000.
### Configuration

By default, the application uses a pre-trained model for image classification. However, if you want to use a different model or customize the settings, you can modify the configuration file located at src/config.js. In this file, you can update the model URL, input size, and other parameters according to your requirements.
### Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this project, please follow these guidelines:

    Fork the repository on GitHub.
    Create a new branch with a descriptive name for your feature or bug fix.
    Commit your changes and push the branch to your fork.
    Submit a pull request to the main repository.

Please ensure your code adheres to the project's coding conventions and includes appropriate tests.
### License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to use, modify, and distribute the code as per the terms of the license.
Acknowledgments

We would like to acknowledge the TensorFlow.js library and the Next.js community for their valuable contributions to the project.
### Contact

If you have any questions, suggestions, or issues, please contact us at TylerGeorgeAlexander.dev@gmail.com.

Commit message:

chore: - updated .env.example - updated Configuration - format and cleanup of README

README.md, after:

# ImageSense
## An Image Classification App using Next.js and TensorFlow.js
### Description

ImageSense is a web application that allows you to perform image classification using the TensorFlow.js library. The application is built with Next.js and provides an intuitive user interface for uploading and classifying images.

#### Screenshot of the app in action
<!-- ![Screenshot of ImageSense](/public/ImageSenseDemo.png) -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="./public/ImageSenseDemo.png" alt="Alt Text" style="max-width: 100%; height: 300px;" />
</p>

#### Check out the live app:
[ImageSense](https://image-sense.herokuapp.com/)

### Installation

To install and run the application, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
 
```
git clone https://github.com/TylerGeorgeAlexander/ImageSense.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```
cd ImageSense
```

3. Install the dependencies using npm:

```
npm install
```

### Usage

Once the installation is complete, you can start the application by running the following command:
```
npm run dev
```
This command starts the development server and opens the application in your default web browser. You can then access the application at http://localhost:3000.

### Configuration

By default, the application uses a pre-trained model for image classification. 

Be sure to set up a .env.local for local test environments using the .env.example
```
MONGODB_URI=your_mongodb_uri_here

CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME=your_cloudinary_cloud_name_here
CLOUDINARY_API_KEY=your_cloudinary_api_key_here
CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET=your_cloudinary_api_secret_here
```

### Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this project, please follow these guidelines:

    Fork the repository on GitHub.
    Create a new branch with a descriptive name for your feature or bug fix.
    Commit your changes and push the branch to your fork.
    Submit a pull request to the main repository.

Please ensure your code adheres to the project's coding conventions and includes appropriate tests.

### License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to use, modify, and distribute the code as per the terms of the license.

### Acknowledgments

We would like to acknowledge the TensorFlow.js library and the Next.js community for their valuable contributions to the project.

### Contact

If you have any questions, suggestions, or issues, please contact us at TylerGeorgeAlexander.dev@gmail.com.
